Make LCIO an optional dependency (#328)
key4hep/k4geo: CMakeLists.txt

message ( STATUS "ROOT_VERSION: ${ROOT_VERSION}" )

find_package( Geant4 REQUIRED ) 

> find_package( LCIO QUIET)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPTION(K4GEO_USE_LCIO "Enable or disable the use of LCIO, which is needed for some detector constructors and plugins" ON)
if(K4GEO_USE_LCIO)
  find_package(LCIO REQUIRED)
```

  ./detector/PID/ARC_geo_o1_v01.cpp
  )

> if(NOT LCIO_FOUND)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
else() # K4GEO_USE_LCIO is OFF
```

>   file(GLOB lcio_sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  set(lcio_sources
```

    ./detector/tracker/TrackerEndcap_o2_v05_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/SiTrackerEndcap_o2_v02ext_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/TrackerBarrel_o1_v03_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/TrackerBarrel_o1_v04_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/TrackerBarrel_o1_v05_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/TrackerEndcap_o1_v05_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/TrackerEndcap_o2_v06_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/VertexBarrel_detailed_o1_v01_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/VertexEndcap_o1_v05_geo.cpp
    ./detector/tracker/ZPlanarTracker_geo.cpp
    )
  list(REMOVE_ITEM sources ${lcio_sources})

>   message( STATUS "LCIO has NOT been found, some detectors that depend on LCIO will not be built: ${lcio_sources}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message( STATUS "Use of LCIO is DISABLED, some detectors that depend on LCIO will not be built: ${lcio_sources}")
```

target_include_directories(${PackageName}   PRIVATE ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/detector/include )
target_include_directories(${PackageName}G4 PRIVATE ${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/detector/include )

target_link_libraries(${PackageName}   DD4hep::DDCore DD4hep::DDRec DD4hep::DDParsers ROOT::Core detectorSegmentations)
target_link_libraries(${PackageName}G4 DD4hep::DDCore DD4hep::DDRec DD4hep::DDParsers DD4hep::DDG4 ROOT::Core ${Geant4_LIBRARIES})

> if(LCIO_FOUND)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if(K4GEO_USE_LCIO)
```
